feat: template (archived) (#21)
lenra-io/template-php: README.md

<div id="top"></div>
<!--
*** This README was created with https://github.com/othneildrew/Best-README-Template
-->

<!-- PROJECT SHIELDS -->
[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![MIT License][license-shield]][license-url]

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">

<h3 align="center">Template PHP</h3>

  <p align="center">
    This template provides just enough to get started with your PHP application.
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://github.com/lenra-io/template-php/issues">Report Bug</a>
    ·
    <a href="https://github.com/lenra-io/template-php/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Prerequisites

To properly run this template, you will have to make sure that the Lenra CLI and docker with docker-compose are installed on your computer.
Installation instructions can be found here https://github.com/lenra-io/lenra_cli.

<p align="right">(<a href="#top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- USAGE EXAMPLES -->
## Usage

> To run the Rust template you first need to build the application.
> ```console
> lenra build
> ```
> 
> Then you can start it.
> ```console
> lenra start
> ```

Reviewer: Maybe replace the `build` and `start` by the `dev` command ?

```suggestion
To run the PHP template you can use the `dev` command that will build and start your app and enter in a custom terminal:

```console
lenra dev
```
```
